dr. david hager was on the advisory
board of the fda making decisions about
women's health and reproductive services
and dr. Hager was a super-cry ste
Evangelic 'el gynecologist it's kind of
hard to find one of those but these are
the bush people back in 1991 they found
a black tie for the Supreme Court who
wasn't that crazy about black people so
they're good you know and what had
attracted the bush team to dr. Hager was
that he and his wife had written a book
suggesting that a remedy for women
experiencing menstrual pain reading
Scripture
how's that working out for you gals here
in the Boston area good
but that's not the funny part listen to
this so after 30 years of marriage dr.
david hager and his wife get divorced
and she says that in the last few years
of their marriage he was anally raping
her in her sleep and she didn't even
take the pledge you know you just
now I assume she woke up at some point
during the proceedings I mean if you can
sleep through that your road your ass is
a little loose I'm not going to lie
but that's not the funny part the funny
part is that when confronted with this
accusation dr. david hager did not
exactly deny it she said his excuse was
he missed
which okay first of all just sort of
implies that it's OK to vaginally rape
your wife asleep that's cool honey sleep
I'm just gonna fuck you please I know
you got a busy day tomorrow I'm just
gonna fuck you that's as Christ would
you know stabbing your wife unexpectedly
unwantedly in the pussy in the middle of
the night that's okay that's what the
Christians would do but in the ass
please
no that's animals who would do that a
Hindu a Jew but not the Christmas and -
oh my god he missed I mean the bush
people have been in power so long they
forgot how to lie there like zoo lions
are not a hunt anymore he missed so what
you have here is a gynecologist claiming
he cannot find his own wife's vagina
ladies and gentlemen I give you the Bush
administration
and I thank you very much terrific
audience as I know you
I appreciate it